= Validatious 2.0

Validatious 2.0 is a JavaScript library that provides very flexible unobtrusive
client side form validation.

== Features

* Library agnostic (there's even a standalone version)
* Multilingual (just include the right language file alongside the core file)
* Easy to create custom validators (just use v2.Validator.add())
* Easy to validate forms with semantic HTML (use class names to annotate
  validation)
* Create complex validations using a simple DSL
* Completely unobtrusive
* Modular - take only the pieces you need (don't need DSL features? Don't
  download it!)
* Easy to configure error reporting
* Easy to create completely custom error reporting using callbacks (per form,
  per fieldset, per field - your choice)
* Can make a lot of good guesses about field names, error messages and more -
  or you can provide your own.
* Makes no assumptions you cannot override.
* Good test coverage
* Cross browser

== Library agnostic

Validatious was originally built standalone. A small standalone library gives
Validatious essential tools. However, if you're already using a library there's
no need to duplicate efforts. For this reason, bridges have been built to both
MooTools and Prototype.js. These bridges simply map the API of the standalone
library, allowing you to shave off a few kB's on the total file size.

If Validatious doesn't have a bridge to your favourite library, don't panic! You
don't actually need one, it's only convenient as a measure to save a few kB's.

Validatious is designed to be truly unobtrusive, meaning it should work
regardless of what other code you're running on your site. As long as you don't
override the v2 object, everything should work nicely. You can, for instance,
use jQuery along with Validatious standalone without problems.

== Tests

To run tests you need Ruby. Because Validatious is shipped both standalone, as
well with bridges for Prototype.js and Mootools, it's important to be able to
run the whole test suite against different sets of scripts. For this reason a
small web application has been built using Sinatra.

* Install Ruby
* Install RubyGems
* sudo gem install --no-ri --no-rdoc sinatra juicer rake
* juicer install yui_compressor
* juicer install jslint
* rake build:standalone # Needed to build the src/validators/standard.js file
* ruby test/validatious-suite.rb
* Download JsUnit, and unpack to test/public/jsunit
  http://sourceforge.net/projects/jsunit/files/jsunit/2.2alpha/jsunit2.2alpha11.zip/download
* Go to http://localhost:4567 and click on the suite you'd like to test
